original dump: desuarchive.org/a/thread/201914571/#201963046

Takogurashi Life with an Octopus
Tkmiz


There's someone I love more than anything in this universe.
Even more than dad and mom.
I don't know since when I loved her.
I think for as long as I know I've been myself, I've loved her.
But the truth is, the person I love isn't a person.
She's an octopus.


Since I don't know any other octopi, she doesn't have a name.
I call her tako(octopus)-san.
We do everything together.
I wake up with tako-san.
I study with tako-san.
I take baths together with tako-san.
I sleep together with tako-san.


"Hey, octopus girl!"
Sometimes the kids at school say mean things.
When a boy bullied me,
tako-san fought him off by spraying him with ink.
But because I know that spraying ink is really exhausting,
I was so worried about tako-san that I still ended up crying.


Tako-san is a very clever octopus.
She can understand what I want to say from just my gestures.
Somehow she can even read and write characters.
She can also change the patterns on her body.
She has learned to change her patterns into pictures and characters.
"I want to watch a movie on tako-san."
I said.
The patterns on her body changed.
<Can't>


Around when I entered middle school we could even communicate with each other.
When she was on my head, we could understand what the other was thinking.
I could also faintly sense that I'm very important to tako-san.
<I want to eat crabs>
Let's buy a giant crab when we get our new year's money,
I thought.


It's my 15th birthday.
Finally this day has come, I thought.
Tako-san is a very longlived octopus,
but compared to a human life, it's still very short.
Tako-san told me.
<I want my last moments to be on your head>
That night I went to sleep with tako-san on my head.


When morning came, tako-san was pure white
and didn't move at all.

Since that day, there has been something like a fog hanging in my head.
I couldn't think clearly and spent my time in a daze.
Finally my worried parents took me to the hospital.
It was decided that they needed to examine my head.


"This is astonishing"
said the doctor.
"This is an image of your brain activity."
The picture showed a silhouette of a squid, shining in white light.
That's where tako-san is, I realized.
Then the tears finally came.
Since then the white silhouette became clearer
and the fog in my head began to lift.

Now that I'm completely healthy again, there's one thing I look forward to the most. 
Sleeping.


Since then, every night I meet tako-san in my dreams.
I take strolls with her on the ocean floor,
We have tea in the cafe in the ocean,
We chat together.
I might be the only one who can see tako-san,
but I think that I'm also the only one that she can show these landscapes to.
I've come to love tako-san even more.
From now on we'll always be together.